乔娜难得的假期。
A rare holiday for Joana.
今天她要赶紧为家里置办一些东西，自研究开始以来，她很少管过自己的生活。虽然她仍然给其他人一个整洁大方的形象，但是如果有人到了她家，这一切想法便会荡然无存。
She needed to purchase something for herself in a hurry, for she seldom took care of her life since the research had started. She would act as she was tidy, but nobody would accept that if they visited her home.
好在购物中心离她家很近，甚至不需要开车过去。
Fortunately, the shopping mall was close enough to her home, which she didn't need to drive to.

她本人并不是一个喜欢热闹的人，这一点很多人都不知道。在她看来，只有知识才是永恒的，而喧嚣永远是知识的敌人。
She, for herself, wasn't a woman that was keen for excitement, which few knew. For her, only knowledge was eternal, and bustle was its enemy.
她从来不去服装店，因为光鲜的外表无益于深渊的潜行。
She never went to clothes shop, 'cause shiny appearance did no benefit to sneak in abyss.
她从来只在外面吃饭，只是因为自己做饭实在是太花时间了。即便如此，她也很少来这里吃饭，她不习惯花钱。
She only ate outside, just beacuse cooking was time-consuming. Even that, she seldome came here, for she was not used to use money.
但是都假期了，不犒劳一下自己实在是说不过去。
But it wasn't nice not to reward herself, for it was holiday.

她给自己点了一份简单的牛排，服务员记下来后便一溜烟跑到厨房那边去了。
She ordered a simple steak. The waitress went to the kitchen with the notes taken.
她无聊的把头转向窗户，远眺整个城市能给她一种开阔的享受，当她没有想法的时候，最喜欢干的事就是在高处眺望窗外。
She put her eyes to window, boring. With the sight of all the city, she could gain a feeling of opening. When she had no ideas, she usually liked to look out from the window at high.

她看到了一抹红色，以为是太阳，于是晃了晃头再仔细看。
She glanced a piece of red. Thinking it was the sun, she took a better look.
今天是阴天，没有太阳，所以她看到的不可能是太阳。
With a cloudy sky, there was no sun. So it wasn't the sun.
仔细一看，才发现是一名红发女孩站在她面前，挡住了她的视野。
When she got a clear look, she realized it was a pink-hair girl, blocking her sight.
女孩看起来有点不知所措，看起来是想问问题但又不敢问的那种样子。
That girl looked bewildered, seemed to want to ask something but didn't have that courage.
"……有什么问题吗？"她不得不这样问一句。
"……Is there any problem to ask?" she had to ask this.

"那，那个……我肚子饿了，这里要怎么付钱呀……"那名女孩支支吾吾地问道。英语可算流利，乔娜想着。
"Ww-,well……I'm hungry, how do I pay……"That girl sluttered. Her english is fluent <i>enough</i>, Joana thought.
"喏，那边，找服务员付钱。"乔娜回答道
"Well, there, ask for waitress."Joana answered.
"谢谢姐姐~"那个女孩说完就跑开了。一跳一跳的，不由得让乔娜想起自己年少的时候。
"Thanks~"That girl then ran away. So energetic, reminding Joana of her youth.
虽然她自己其实还是年轻人就是了。
Well, although she was still young.

等到她准备离开的时候，她听到那个女孩喃喃自语的声音：
But when she was ready to leave, she could hear that girl muttering to herself:
"……这个世界看起来比我之前看到的要丰富得多，我要从哪里开始呢……"
"……This world is much more colorful than that I saw before. Where should I start?……"
她不由得感到奇怪，直觉告诉她似乎有那里不对劲。
She felt strange. Her intuition told her something was wrong.