一个普通人是不可能把慌里慌张与拘谨不安同时表现出来的。
A common man couldn't behave both flustering and formally in the same time.
你也一样。
So did you.

"年轻人，欢迎贲临寒舍，虽然我奋斗了几十年，居住的条件确实比我的同行要好一些……"前辈热情地欢迎你的到来，"不知道这次到来，有什么事情要问的？"
"Welcome to my tiny castle, young man. Although my home is indeed better than my colleagues, for me who have worked in this field for decades……"The elder gave you a warm reception, "There must be something you want to know, if I may guess……"
他边说边去把壁炉点上，这个年头点烧煤的壁炉的房子就不多了，保持这个习惯的人就更少见了。
Whlie he was talking, he went to light the fireplace. Only a few house had fireplace those days, so it was rare to see someone used to it.
在壁炉的火焰面前，你更感到局促不安，你急切地想要告诉他你发现的现象，在你看来天都快要塌了。
You felt much more anxious standing in front of the flame. You were eager to tell him what you have found. For you, it was nearly apocalypse.
"……不过那么紧张，一定是有急事相告吧？"老前辈仍然面带笑容，"很多新手第一次看见一些在他们眼中'不符合常理'的事情都紧张得像是世界末日来了一样，照他们的想法整个世界不知道要毁灭多少次了。"
"……But as you are very nervous, you must want to say somrthing, 'urgent' ?"He said with smile, "I have seen many green hands feel this nervous when they saw anything 'unusual'. If so, there will be an End of The World everyday."
不得不说，他已经看穿了你的心思。
You had to admit, he knew you very well.
"所以我猜，是不是你研究的那个世界的人跑到这个世界来了？"前辈呵呵一笑，"这不是什么大事情，你甚至不需要干预他们的行动，自然会有部门盯着他们不出岔子的。"
"So, may I have a speculation that there's someone, form the world you research, has come to our world?"The elder gave you a laugh, "Nothing serious. You don't even need to interpose their behavior. There will be a department taking eyes on them to make sure everything is right."
听了他的话，你甚至都不知道你应不应该吁一口气。
You didn't even know whether you should sigh in relief after you have heard the word he said.

"不过既然出现空间交集了，这倒是一个很好的借口。"前辈又转悠了几圈，"至少你可以向政府要更多的钱了，不是吗？"
"But, as there is a connection between spaces……Well, a good excuse."The elder walked around, "At least you can ask more money from the government, isn't it?"
你呆愣着点点头。
You nodded, stunned.
"那么你就可以开始考虑拿这笔钱干什么了。"前辈微微一笑，"对了，附近有一家牛排店味道不错，不如去那边吃一顿？我请客。"
"Then you can think of it." He smiled, "Oh, there's a good steak restaurant nearby. Take launch there? I'll pay the bill."